docs(journey-maps): updated `journey-maps` maplibre css version to 2.4.0 (#1836)
sbb-design-systems/sbb-angular: src/journey-maps/angular/angular.md

```

```sh

> npm install --save maplibre-gl@2.4.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save maplibre-gl
```

npm install --save-dev @types/geojson
```

**NOTE** \

> The `maplibre-gl` version compatible with this version of `journey-maps` is `2.4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `maplibre-gl` version compatible with this version of `journey-maps` is `2.x.y`.
```
